README.md, before:

# Data Structures in Javascript
Data structures implemented in JavaScript with the purpose of learning

## Introduction to Data Structures
*For details visit https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-data-structures/*

**WHAT IS DATA**: Data is the collection of different numbers, symbols, and alphabets to represent information.

**WHAT IS DATA Type**: Data type is a set of possible values and a set of allowed operations on it. A data type tells the compiler or interpreter how the programmer intends to use the data.

**WHAT IS DATA STRUCTURE**: A data structure is a particular way of organizing data in a computer so that it can be used effectively.

## Data type vs Data structure
| Data type  | Data structure |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Data Type is the type of the value/data stored in a variable. | Data Structure is the collection of different kinds of data. Generally represented using an object. |
| It tells the compiler or interpreter how the programmer intends to use the data. | It need to create its own functionality within itself. |
|Implementation through Data Types is a form of abstract implementation  | Implementation through Data Structures is called concrete implementation  |
| Can hold values and not another data, so it is data less | Can hold different kind and types of data within one single object |
| No problem of time complexity	| 	Time complexity comes into play when working with data structures |
| Examples: int, float, double	| Examples: stacks, queues, tree |

## Classes of Data Types
1. **Primitive data types** - typically types that are built-in or basic to a language implementation.
2. **Composite types** - derived from more than one primitive type.
3. **Abstract data types (ADT)** - An abstract data type is defined as a mathematical model of the data objects that make up a data type as well as the functions that operate on these objects. Mostly it is class of objects whose logical behavior is defined by a set of values and a set of operations.

> A data structure is also defined an instance of ADT

## Classes of Data Structure :
1. **Linear Data Structure** - Elements are arranged in one dimension ,also known as linear dimension. Example: lists, stack, queue, etc.
2. **Non-Linear Data Structure** -  Elements are arranged in one-many, many-one and many-many dimensions. Example: tree, graph, table, etc.

Commit message:

readme updated with time complexity

README.md, after:

# Data Structures in Javascript
Data structures implemented in JavaScript with the purpose of learning

## Introduction to Data Structures
*For details visit https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/introduction-to-data-structures/*

**WHAT IS DATA**: Data is the collection of different numbers, symbols, and alphabets to represent information.

**WHAT IS DATA Type**: Data type is a set of possible values and a set of allowed operations on it. A data type tells the compiler or interpreter how the programmer intends to use the data.

**WHAT IS DATA STRUCTURE**: A data structure is a particular way of organizing data in a computer so that it can be used effectively.

## Data type vs Data structure
| Data type  | Data structure |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Data Type is the type of the value/data stored in a variable. | Data Structure is the collection of different kinds of data. Generally represented using an object. |
| It tells the compiler or interpreter how the programmer intends to use the data. | It need to create its own functionality within itself. |
|Implementation through Data Types is a form of abstract implementation  | Implementation through Data Structures is called concrete implementation  |
| Can hold values and not another data, so it is data less | Can hold different kind and types of data within one single object |
| No problem of time complexity	| 	Time complexity comes into play when working with data structures |
| Examples: int, float, double	| Examples: stacks, queues, tree |

## Classes of Data Types
- **Primitive data types** - typically types that are built-in or basic to a language implementation.
- **Composite types** - derived from more than one primitive type.
- **Abstract data types (ADT)** - An abstract data type is defined as a mathematical model of the data objects that make up a data type as well as the functions that operate on these objects. Mostly it is class of objects whose logical behavior is defined by a set of values and a set of operations.

> A data structure is also defined an instance of ADT. For example: A list is an Abstraction (abstract data type) which can have implementations (data structure) like **Dynamic array** and **Linked List**

## Classes of Data Structure :
- **Linear Data Structure** - Elements are arranged in one dimension ,also known as linear dimension. Example: lists, stack, queue, etc.
- **Non-Linear Data Structure** -  Elements are arranged in one-many, many-one and many-many dimensions. Example: tree, graph, table, etc.


## Time Complexity
*For details visit https://www.bigocheatsheet.com/*

Big O notation is used to classify algorithms according to how their running time or space requirements grow as the input size grows. It is important to understand Big-O complexities for choosing the right data structure for your use case.
